    Ability to create responsive web pages using HTML5, CSS 3.
    Should have worked with Figma and Sketch.
    Knowledge of Bootstrap framework is a plus.
    Should have worked with Sass or Less css architecture.
    Minimum 4 years of experience using Javascript, Jquery.
    Developing and providing maintenance support for WordPress site.
    Design and build responsive, cross-browser compatible pages using Wordpress (including localized versions of pages).
    Assist with helpdesk tickets and troubleshooting as needed
    Optimizing page speed of WordPress sites
    Create and maintain the documentations of development work.
    Work closely with the members of Web Team and internal customers

Qualifications

    5+ years of professional Front End Development experience
    Experience developing pages in Wordpress should be an advantage.
    Familiarity with debugging and browser testing.
    Experience with cross-browser compatibility and responsive web design
    Good communication and interpersonal skills, and ability to work to deadlines

        Experience serving in a lead role within a web engineering team
    Minimum 8+ years of experience in frontend development primarily using React
    Experience in Hypertext Markup Language Revision 5 (HTML5), Cascading Style Sheets (CSS), TypeScript and ReactJS (javascript)
    Thorough understanding of NodeJs & React.js(SSR) and it's core principles
    Experience with common front-end development tools such as Babel, Webpack, NPM, etc.
    Passion for building a rich and innovative user experience
    Familiarity with RESTful APIs
    Excellent communication skills
    Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements
    Motivation and ability to be productive in a fast-paced, dynamic environment
    A self-starter, who loves to take on hard problems and is enthusiastic to learn new technologies and working in startup environments
    Ambitious individual who can work in their own direction towards agreed targets/goals.
    Ability to manage change and be open to it good time management and an ability to work under stress

        3+ years of experience in building web applications with the main focus on React
    Be proficient in Javascript and React, including in depth understanding of the language, framework and performance aspects
    Excellent knowledge of CSS and familiarity with pre-processing tools like LESS and SASS
    Experience integrating complex APIs
    Familiarity with best practices on web in terms of technology and UI/UX
    The ability to communicate clearly in a verbal and written manner


Nice to haves:

    Prior experience in a high growth startup
    Familiarity with React Native applications will be a plus
    Worked with TailwindCSS or other utility based CSS framework.
    Worked with Electron applications

Contact the job poster
Job poster profile

Priyanka Nair

We are hiring @UrbanPiper!
Job Poster Location

Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
Se